Creating initial conda org README (#2)
conda/.github: profile/README.md

# The conda Organization
conda is an open source organization and the community behind [conda](https://github.com/conda/conda), [conda-incubator](https://github.com/conda-incubator), and [conda-archive](https://github.com/conda-archive).<br>

> 

Reviewer: I like the idea of a visual, but this one is a little confusing. Maybe it would be more clear as some sort of timeline that goes from left to right? (i.e. the life and death of a conda project 😂)

> 

Reviewer 2: The governance policy says about "Incorporate a Software Project into the main conda Organization":

> There is not [a] requirement for a project to incubate before a vote of this nature can be called.

Meaning that projects may also be directly added to the conda organization upon request to the steering council. The majority of projects would go through incubation though.

https://github.com/conda-incubator/governance#incorporate-a-software-project-into-the-main-conda-organization

> 

Author: I intentionally didn't show all the possible paths as it got confusing. I originally had a left-to-right progression from community to conda-incubator to conda to conda-archive. Maybe we should switch back to the simple graph and include a note that the full details are outlined in governance?

> 

Reviewer 3: Done!

> All interactions within the conda Organization are governed by our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/conda-incubator/governance/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md#the-short-version).<br>
> 
> We encourage community members to provide feedback and proposals for making conda better, and all major changes should be submitted as [Conda Enhancement Proposals (CEPs)](https://github.com/conda-incubator/ceps).</br>
> 
> For questions and discussions please join our [conda discourse group](https://conda.discourse.group/). <br>
> 
> You can also follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/condaproject) for updates on latest developments in conda.

Author: ```suggestion
### Important Repositories

- [conda](https://github.com/conda/conda)
- [conda-build](https://github.com/conda/conda-build)

### Important Community Places

- [Governance](https://github.com/conda-incubator/governance): outlines and defines how the conda community works
- [CEPs](https://github.com/conda-incubator/ceps): Conda Enhancement Proposals
- [Discourse](https://conda.discourse.group/): conda community discussion forum
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/condaproject): for the latest developments

---

All interactions within the conda Organization are governed by our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/conda-incubator/governance/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md#the-short-version).
```

# The conda Organization
Conda is an open-source organization and the community behind the [conda](https://github.com/conda/conda) package manager.

The conda community is composed of three organizations here on GitHub:
- [conda](https://github.com/conda): where officially supported projects live
- [conda-incubator](https://github.com/conda-incubator): where community incubated projects live
- [conda-archive](https://github.com/conda-archive): where inactive and archived projects live

The flowchart below explains how projects move within these organizations:

```mermaid
flowchart
    %% nodes
    community(Community):::community
    incubator(conda-incubator):::github
    conda(conda):::github
    archive(conda-archive):::github

    %% graph
    community-- invitation -->incubator
    incubator-- incorporation -->conda
    %% incubator-- inactive -->archive
    %% incubator-- unassociated -->community
    conda-- inactive -->archive
    %% conda-- dissolved -->incubator
    %% archive-- revived -->incubator

    %% style
    classDef community fill:#a5e8c1,stroke:#114226,stroke-width:2,stroke-dasharray: 5 5
    classDef github fill:#24292f,stroke:none,color:#fff
```

> Note that projects may also be directly added to the conda organization upon request to the steering council. For more details please read [Incorporate a Software Project into the main conda Organization](https://github.com/conda-incubator/governance#incorporate-a-software-project-into-the-main-conda-organization).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Note that projects may also be directly added to the conda organization upon request to the steering council. For more details, please read [Incorporate a Software Project into the main conda Organization](https://github.com/conda-incubator/governance#incorporate-a-software-project-into-the-main-conda-organization).
```
